README.md, before:

# dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks
딥러닝-영상인식 CAMP 10주 과정을 위한 TensorFlow 코드들

## Week1 - Deep Learning Introduction
- MNIST Classification using Softmax Classifier [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_classification_with_softmax_classifier.py)
- MNIST Reconstruction using Autoencoder [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_autoencoder_reconstruction.py)
- MNIST Classification using Multi-Layer Perceptron(MLP) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_classification_with_MLP.py)
- MNIST Classification using Stacked Autoencoders + Softmax Classifier [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_classification_with_stacked_autoencoders_and_softmax_classifier.py)
- MNIST Classification using Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_classification_with_convolutional_neural_networks.py)

## Week2 - Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs)
- CIFAR-10 Image Classification using Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week2/cifar10)
- Custom Dataset Image Classification using Inception v3 Retraining(Fine-Tuning) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week2/inception_v3_retraining)

## Week3 - Recurrent Neural Networks(RNNs)
- Character-level Language Modeling using Recurrent Neural Networks(RNNs) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week3/char-rnn-tensorflow)
- Penn Tree Bank(PTB) Dataset Language Modeling using Recurrent Neural Networks(RNNs) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week3/ptb)

## Week4 - Natural Language Processing(NLP) QA & Visual QA
- NLP QA - *End-To-End Memory Networks* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week4/MemNN)
- Visual QA - *Exploring Models and Data for Image Question Answering* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week4/neural-vqa-tensorflow)

## Week5 - Image Captioning
- Image Captioning - *Show and Tell: A Neural Image Caption Generator* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week5/im2txt)

## Week6 - Neural Style Transfer
- Neural Style Transfer - *A neural algorithm of artistic style* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week6/neural-style)

## Week7 - Autopilot
- Autopilot - *Learning a Driving Simulator* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week7/research)

## Week8 - Semantic Image Segmentation
- Semantic Image Segmentation - *Fully Convolutional Networks for Semantic Segmentation* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week8/FCN.tensorflow)

## Week9 - Brain Tumor Segmentation & Generative Adversarial Networks(GAN)
- Generative Adversarial Networks(GAN) - *Generative Adversarial Networks* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week9/GAN-TensorFlow)


# References
[1] https://www.tensorflow.org/

Commit message:

brain tumor segmentation code update

README.md, after:

# dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks
딥러닝-영상인식 CAMP 10주 과정을 위한 TensorFlow 코드들

## Week1 - Deep Learning Introduction
- MNIST Classification using Softmax Classifier [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_classification_with_softmax_classifier.py)
- MNIST Reconstruction using Autoencoder [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_autoencoder_reconstruction.py)
- MNIST Classification using Multi-Layer Perceptron(MLP) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_classification_with_MLP.py)
- MNIST Classification using Stacked Autoencoders + Softmax Classifier [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_classification_with_stacked_autoencoders_and_softmax_classifier.py)
- MNIST Classification using Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/blob/master/week1/mnist_classification_with_convolutional_neural_networks.py)

## Week2 - Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs)
- CIFAR-10 Image Classification using Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week2/cifar10)
- Custom Dataset Image Classification using Inception v3 Retraining(Fine-Tuning) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week2/inception_v3_retraining)

## Week3 - Recurrent Neural Networks(RNNs)
- Character-level Language Modeling using Recurrent Neural Networks(RNNs) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week3/char-rnn-tensorflow)
- Penn Tree Bank(PTB) Dataset Language Modeling using Recurrent Neural Networks(RNNs) [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week3/ptb)

## Week4 - Natural Language Processing(NLP) QA & Visual QA
- NLP QA - *End-To-End Memory Networks* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week4/MemNN)
- Visual QA - *Exploring Models and Data for Image Question Answering* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week4/neural-vqa-tensorflow)

## Week5 - Image Captioning
- Image Captioning - *Show and Tell: A Neural Image Caption Generator* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week5/im2txt)

## Week6 - Neural Style Transfer
- Neural Style Transfer - *A neural algorithm of artistic style* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week6/neural-style)

## Week7 - Autopilot
- Autopilot - *Learning a Driving Simulator* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week7/research)

## Week8 - Semantic Image Segmentation
- Semantic Image Segmentation - *Fully Convolutional Networks for Semantic Segmentation* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week8/FCN.tensorflow)

## Week9 - Brain Tumor Segmentation & Generative Adversarial Networks(GAN)
- Brain Tumor Segmentation - *Fully Convolutional Networks for Semantic Segmentation* Implementation for BRATS Dataset [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week9/FCN-BRATS)

- Generative Adversarial Networks(GAN) - *Generative Adversarial Networks* Implementation [(Code)](https://github.com/solaris33/dl_cv_tensorflow_10weeks/tree/master/week9/GAN-TensorFlow)


# References
[1] https://www.tensorflow.org/
